# GWC-College-Loops-Challenge
UCSB College Loops Challenge Submission: Girls Who Code Connect Website

This is our submission for the Girls Who Code College Loops Challenge! 


Sisterhood is the foundation of our project; we were inspired to create this website by our shared experiences as women in computer science. We want to help connect the women of Girls Who Code (both current and former) and create a safe space for students to ask questions and voice concerns. Our final product not only exemplifies the GWC value of sisterhood, but also was made using an intentional process in which we practiced sisterhood throughout the full duration of our website’s creation.

When brainstorming ideas for our project, we wanted to practice sisterhood and choose a project that was easily accessible and within everyone’s skill range. For this reason, we chose to learn more about web development – a topic none of us felt proficient in – since we found a free course on Codecademy (“How to Make a Website with Namecheap”) that was beginner-friendly. 

Throughout the process of creating our project, we bonded over our shared experiences and some of the difficulties we have each faced as women in tech. For example, our website’s Q&A feature – and specifically the #coding channel – arose out of our previous encounters with mansplaining; one thing that stood out to us after our conversations was that all of our team members have been talked down to after asking a coding question at some point in our respective times in CS (and have felt subsequently discouraged from asking further questions). Our Q&A feature addresses this unfortunately all-too-common occurrence by creating a safe space for GWC members to ask any questions on their mind or voice any concerns on their heart – whether it be about #coding, #careers, or anything #random. We want to foster a safe place of unabashed learning, encouragement, bonding, and growth. Additionally, we embodied the GWC value of sisterhood throughout the process by dividing up work evenly, meeting each member where she was at in terms of skill level, laughing off our mistakes, and not letting any team member be too hard on herself. Although our website isn’t quite finished/fully functional yet, we had a great time getting to know one another and learning about web development while making it.

Our website is a platform that facilitates communication and connection between GWC members and alumnae. The #coding channel is for members to ask programming questions – these questions could be about how a specific snippet of code works, the syntax of a certain language, or anything else members find helpful. The #careers channel can be used to connect actively hiring alumnae with GWC members in search of a career opportunity. It can also be used for sharing resources and general advice on acquiring an internship, applying for jobs, choosing a career path, and navigating the modern workplace as a woman or nonbinary individual in tech. The #random channel can be used for any miscellaneous items, such as sharing cool discoveries, general advice, or anything else! It can also be used to give feedback on the site and make suggestions for future improvements. 

